Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[Devon] Something's happened.
[officer] Surrender and comply.
[Lawson] What you got. Two-Boots?
[Two-Boots] File is classified by the ISB.
We're instructed to report any sightings
of this suspect immediately.
[Lawson] Keep this quiet for now.
[Rook Kast] I have an update
on the syndicates.
[Maul] They will all pay.
Never shoot a guy in the back.
You killed Deemis.
[Vario] I was set up.
Ever heard of the Shadow Collective?
[Maul] Vario will not escape me.
Not even in a cell.
[thunder rumbling]
And something else.
Maul...
[♪ dark suspenseful music playing]
[both grunting]
[♪ tense music playing]
Watch out for the prisoners.
[both grunting]
[Spybot] Ow! Hey! What the--
- [Spybot exclaims]
- [panting]
- [crackles]
- [groans]
[Spybot] Uh-uh. No.
[droid yelps]
[grunts]
[Lawson straining]
We need transport.
- Be right back. Captain.
- Whoa. whoa. what are you doing?
- [speaks alien language]
- [Two-Boots] Official police business.
- Apology for the stench. Captain.
- Trust me. I've smelled worse.
Just get him.
[♪ tense music continues]
[siren wailing]
[Spybot] Police Droid.
- [on comms] Here they come.
- [Rook Kast] They're on us.
[laughs]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[screams]
[all groaning]
[alarmed chatter]
[♪ menacing music playing]
[staff thuds]
[gasps]
[groans]
[sirens wailing]
[people screaming]
- Emergency on the walkway.
- [officer] Move. move!
[woman] Help! Help! Help!
[officer] We got you. we got you.
[Master Daki grunts]
[grunting and straining]
[officer] Drop now. We have you.
You're safe now.
Citizens. you're safe now.
[continues straining]
- Hey. buddy. You all right?
- [grunts]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[keyboard clacks]
[Two-Boots] What do they want with her?
Good question.
[Chief] Lawson.
Attack on government and civilian targets.
Abduction of two prisoners.
including a known crime boss.
What are we dealing with?
Well. the fugitive was proficient
with a laser sword.
I told the Governor
we have it under control.
but if he gets nervous.
he'll call in the Empire.
This is a local matter.
You bring the Empire into this.
they'll lock this planet down.
Just get them. And fast.
[engine whirring]
You're wounded.
Please.
The Mandalorians are experts
in combat injuries.
[sighs]
I thought you wanted Vario dead.
He may be of use.
If he is not. I will dispose of him.
And the girl?
[Maul] She is a Jedi.
And I shall fashion her into a weapon
which can help us destroy
all those who have betrayed me.
[inhales] Including Darth Sidious.
Sidious.
Yes. My Lord.
But a Jedi?
How has she survived?
Well. let us find out.
[grunts] What's this all about?
What do you want with me?
[chuckles]
Who are you?
A prisoner.
If that is what you believe.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Vario] Huh. What's this?
Wait. what are you doing?
I'm not going in there.
Hey. what-- [grunts]
This is outrageous.
[muffled] Hey! Do you know who I am?
Open this thing right now!
You have been indoctrinated
since you were a child.
Now. you must adapt.
[door rumbles. creaking]
[door shuts]
[dispatcher] We got a broken water line
in Sector 3X.
mechanics. fire safety on scene.
requesting unit support.
[♪ upbeat music playing on speakers]
- [♪ music stops]
- Dad. hey.
- You're just getting home?
- Yep.
It's been a long night.
I heard what happened. Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine. man.
What about Two-Boots? Is he okay?
Two-Boots is Two-Boots.
I talked to Mom.
- [Lawson sighs]
- She. uh. wants me to come visit.
- Said she--
- Rylee. just...
Wait until I can go with you.
I'm sorry.
I'm taking some time off. soon.
[comms chiming]
[Two-Boots on comms]
Captain Lawson. I have an update.
[sighs] Okay. I'm on my way.
We'll talk later. okay?
Yeah.
[♪ somber music playing]
[Two-Boots] We're questioning
known members of Vario's syndicate.
but they've not been very cooperative.
And I can find no data
on this so-called "Shadow Collective."
Perhaps Vario was not being
entirely truthful?
He was scared. I don't think he's lying.
[Two-Boots] That would be a first.
[Lawson] Just keep digging. partner.
[Two-Boots] Well. you know what I think?
Yup. You wanna call in the Empire.
[Two-Boots] Exactly!
Not yet.
I've got another play.
[♪ mysterious music playing]
[door rumbles]
[creaks]
Ah. finally! It's about time.
Hey. partner!
Let's talk business. Wait--
[groaning]
[members laughing]
Your syndicate helps the Pykes
smuggle their spice into this system.
You will provide me with the time
and location of these shipments.
Oh. yeah. No. sure. Easy enough.
Once I disrupt their network.
Krim will suspect you and want to meet.
- [Vario] Whoa. Okay.
- Then you'll get me close
so I can kill him.
Well. so. look. I agreed to help. yes.
but [laughs] I mean... it's Krim. right?
Dangerous. Powerful.
Not as powerful as you...
I'm getting nervous.
Uh. I just wanted you to know.
I should remind you that
I will do whatever it takes
to help you get revenge on him.
I-I-I really wanna help.
[panting]
Okay.
I... I guess we got a...
we got a deal then?
I... I hope.
[dispatcher] Night vision units
reporting petty theft arrest
inside the Entertainment District.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [announcer speaking foreign language]
[whirring]
[elevator whirs]
[droid speaks alien language]
[Sul] Brander Lawson.
You seem to be having quite the rotation.
[droid mutters. laughs]
How's the kid?
Growing up fast.
To Catalor.
[Lawson] Catalor.
What a double-cross.
So. what do you need?
Shadow Collective.
[sighs]
That is gonna cost you.
Whatever it takes.
[sighs heavily] Shadow Collective.
Based on Mandalore. if I remember.
A boss named Maul
merged Pykes. Crimson Dawn. Black Sun.
Tell me about Maul.
Vanished after the war.
The syndicates disbanded.
probably happier with him gone.
Ah. you think he's here.
I guess that would make sense
with Deemis and Vario.
They had a deal with him?
Well. I assume it didn't go so good
since Deemis is dead.
and well. Vario's missing.
You think it's revenge?
I sleep well knowing
I never made a deal with Maul.
And if he is here. watch yourself.
[Sul sighs]
You got anything else?
I'm. uh. free for dinner.
How long are you gonna keep me here?
You may leave any time you'd like.
I wanna leave now.
But clearly that's not possible.
If that is your point of view.
and if I may be so bold.
that greatly concerns me.
I can show you a pathway to power
that the Jedi didn't teach you.
I can handle myself.
Oh. I have no doubt that you can.
but times have changed.
What does it mean for you to be a Jedi?
Guardian of peace and justice
in a time of lawlessness?
I still believe in those principles.
[Maul] Hmm.
If only there were more like you.
perhaps things wouldn't be
the way they are today.
I heard the stories.
I know what you are.
So stop pretending like you care.
You're operating under the premise
that I am somehow the villain here.
but it is not as simple as good and evil.
How can I prove to you
that we are on the same side?
Let me out of here.
By all means. Jedi.
Leave.
[Rook Kast] Pardon me. My Lord.
Vario's intel checks out.
The Pyke shipment is on schedule.
[♪ tense music playing]
- What happened?
- [digital beeping]
[scatting]
- Why have we not jumped to lightspeed?
- An issue with the hyperdrive. Captain.
[pilot] We've lost control
of the guidance system.
- Huh?
- [pilot] We're being redirected.
Get it repaired and get us out of here!
Captain. I'm picking up
another ship on our sensors.
[captain] Huh?
- Send a distress signal.
- Our comms are jammed.
[♪ menacing music playing]
With me!
Defend the cargo!
[scatting]
[elevator whirring]
[♪ menacing music playing]
[blasters cocking]
Open fire!
[Pykes grunting]
Go!
[Pykes screaming]
[muffled screaming and laserfire]
- [Rook Kast] Get the money.
- [commando] As you wish. [chuckles]
[both grunting]
[captain growls lowly]
Your victory will be short-lived.
Like your once-mighty syndicate.
Everything that was yours
is now controlled by Marg Krim.
I'm sure you believe that.
[grunts]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Hold it.
[engine whirring]
[door whirs open]
Paid off. huh?
Right? Am I right or am I right?
I'm right.
Let me out. we'll celebrate.
Once Krim is dead. you shall be free.
[groans]
- [Scorn growls]
- Whoa!
All right. Yeah. take it easy. Down. boy.
It is time... for you
to view the galaxy for what it truly is.
[♪ pensive music playing]
[breathes deeply]
[♪ music building]
[door creaking]
[♪ pensive music playing]
[sighs]
[♪ music building]
[metal rumbling]
[thuds]
[♪ triumphant music playing]
[♪ closing theme music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm